Suggest `qmk list-keyboards` when testing build environment (#19471)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/newbs_getting_started.md

    qmk compile -kb clueboard/66/rev3 -km default

> You can use `qmk list-keyboards` to see a list of valid keyboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> The keyboard option is the path relative to the keyboard directory, the above example would be found in `qmk_firmware/keyboards/clueboard/66/rev4`. If you're unsure you can view a full list of supported keyboards with `qmk list-keyboards`.
```

> ?> The keyboard option is the path relative to the keyboard directory, the above example would be found in `qmk_firmware/keyboards/clueboard/66/rev4`. If you're unsure you can view a full list of supported keyboards with `qmk list-keyboards`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> The keyboard option is the path relative to the keyboard directory, the above example would be found in `qmk_firmware/keyboards/clueboard/66/rev3`. If you're unsure you can view a full list of supported keyboards with `qmk list-keyboards`.
```

> ?> The keyboard option is the path relative to the keyboard directory, the above example would be found in `qmk_firmware/keyboards/clueboard/66/rev3`. If you're unsure you can view a full list of supported keyboards with `qmk list-keyboards`.

Reviewer 2: Might be worth mentioning that it supports autocomplete/tab completion, too.  eg `qmk -kb moon(tab) will show "moon" and "moonlander" as options.   May not work on every system, though.
